we're here on a fun night I'll tell you
that you know there are many beloved
traditions on television there's a
Thanksgiving Day Parade the Macy's
parade
there's the Charlie Brown Christmas
special there's the ball coming down on
New Year's Eve but there is one that
towers above all of them and that is a
tradition that began nine years ago here
on this show that is our annual
pedestrian belly-flop competition it's
every summer every summer we stop people
out on the street people are walking by
on Hollywood Boulevard we talked them
into taking their clothes off and
jumping into the it's works it's the
same kind of way prostitution works
really perhaps hey we've discovered some
incredible belly-flopping talent over
the years some amazing athletes here's a
quick look back at some of the best of
the best
we did do one in Canada in December and
it was a mistake we really but it's
summer now and we've learned our lesson
it's hot just behind our theater we set
up a swimming pool it is filled with
precious California water that we're not
really supposed to be using for this and
in front of our theater we have my
cousin Sal hello cousin Sal come here
your job is to grab hold of pedestrians
who do you have roaming around see if I
can wrangle someone on such short notice
yes yes yeah come on in come on all
right let's see who we have hi what is
your name hi Elizabeth
my name is Jimmy not Elizabeth oh I see
I I'm confused I'm sorry Wow look at the
size of that rib you got a ribbon like
Minnie Mouse on that purse don't you oh
yeah were you from Elizabeth I'm from
Florida originally what part of Florida
um Sarasota area a lot of weird things
happen in Florida don't they yeah yeah
so this would be perfect for you there
are only three requirements we have to
be part of the competition you must be a
pedestrian which you are you must have a
belly and you must fit into one of the
ratty bathing suits we've been recycling
for the last nine years does that sound
okay so far so good all right send her
through cousin Sal and
oh my god Gary oh this one's really cute
oh yes hello what is your name Randy
Randy were you from Syracuse New York
what brings you to California celebrate
my 50th birthday oh happy birthday T
it's your 50th birthday huh yeah when I
was a few months ago but this was my
present for my wife oh okay all right
just you and your wife here in town and
my daughter 12 years old oh well you
know what kids can be sometimes
embarrassed by their parents but and
tonight we may set a new record for that
because you are gonna be part of the
belly-flop competition you'll strip down
to almost nothing and jump in the pool
are you ready to do that I can do that
okay pretty good sitting here could be
fun moments ago they were just walking
about oh how you doing how are you oh
hey there you are there we she's with
her purse yes go right out back really
she doesn't have to change
nice way do you see Randy in his short
shorts all right let's uh oh hey there
you are
I mean we found ah I know who has oh
hello there contest is over I think we
we have a top seed already what is your
name my name is Rob the Scurlock how you
do where are you from Gary Indiana
you're Indiana Wow okay you're on
vacation I guess look at Mickey Mouse on
his cell phone in the back who the hell
could be oh yeah
you're from eerie Indiana you're here on
visiting your eyes
I live here I live in North Hollywood oh
you do and why did you move here for
production work maybe all right well you
know what they say some of the biggest
stars in Hollywood got their break up on
our diving board so and look at that the
wind is already here the wind is blowing
your shirt open just to reveal God is
giving us a taste of what is to come
I kind of hitting on you right now all
right well come on through Sal grab a
few people off the tree so now that
we're picking an Olympic team summer
isn't you know oh hey them all
welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome
welcome
gonna be security where are you going
I'm going outside here you can't
okay all right very good right now it's
time for our ninth annual pedestrian
belly flop
that is our belly-flop security guard
Guillermo Guerra what is the water
temperature right now have you felt it
yeah Jimmy's very cold it's very cold
that's how we like to keep it very very
cold because we want these athletes to
be at the highest level of alert right
now correct that's right Jimmy okay
thank you now let's meet our expert
panel of judges first up an entrepreneur
a billionaire owner of the Dallas
Mavericks from shark tank please welcome
Mark Cuban what's up today mark I have
two questions for you number one how
much money are you losing by being here
on our show tonight million millions of
dollars thank you and will you vote
Donald Trump for president of the United
States only if your vice president
alright our next job is the current
Sports Illustrated swimsuit edition
cover model star of the new movie
vacation Hannah Dave as a low Hannah
do you feel comfortable judging this
competition even though you don't have a
belly technically well I've been in
plenty of belly flopping competition oh
you might be a pretty good judge oh okay
very good
are you willing to give mouth-to-mouth
if required by one of the yeah if it's
our first contestant if it is the first
ah all right
yeah and anchoring our judges panel my
very sweet very mild-mannered and chippy
and chippy hello what was the last time
you were in a pool um probably when it
looked like a bathtub I see are you at
all worried about melting if you get wet
- let me tell you something but earlier
I was in the middle all of a sudden I
got dumped - the end we get handsome on
that and gorgeous over here and fat ass
over here I'm going to get wet Jimmy all
right but I know when it's your birthday
and where you live your mo who is our
first flopper who will go first and I
guarantee bit
oh yes Elizabeth hello Elizabeth all
right
oh my god Anna Elizabeth needs
mouth-to-mouth immediately sorry
anything you'd like to say the judges
Elizabeth um just get ready for the best
belly flopping ever all right count it
down Guillermo and we're gonna see how
this goes here we go three two one
we play if we could see for a very
little person you know what she got a
lot she hit a lot of surface area and
that is how you do it let's go to the
judges now for their scores we'll start
with Mark Cuban mark it's got to be a 10
I pay to watch her get wet Hannah I'm
gonna give her a ten and finally it
chippy I don't have a ten but I give you
an 11 it should be evidence turn the
thing around turn around I got a 9 over
here all right give her a nice number
yeah as the 0 or 9 what is it that much
tie game at 10 I didn't give it this all
right we're gonna get a 29 I think cuz
otherwise the contest is over all right
all right so let's go to our second
content e 9 by the way Elizabeth
congratulations well done there's a hot
dog for you all right next up on the
board we have Randy Jimmy the birthday
boy Randy Randy do you think you can
beat Elizabeth uh I doubt it after I saw
marks score
oh you don't okay all right well listen
you can still get a ten you can still
get a perfect 30 and we're counting on
you to do that are you ready Randy I'll
give it my best
here you go count it down Guillermo
three two one
that was that was pretty good let's go
now to our to the instant replay first
and there's Randy you can see Randy
really knows how to do it Randy is a man
who has flopped on his belly before and
we got to go to the judges now
Mark Cuban what do you give Randy just
because Randy got hannah wet a ten there
you go Hanna what score do you give
Randy I'm giving him a nine a nine and
an SHINee hey I lost my eyelashes
we'll buy you more oh you came one short
there Andy nicely done though you really
did well Sal has a hot dog for you and
let's go back up to the podium to see
who our next belly flop ER is Robert are
you ready Robert yes are you now Robert
you know it may seem like you're gonna
run away with this but I think you
automatically get a handicap because
people assume you're gonna create a big
splash yeah but you have to still have
to jump correctly all right all right
Robert are you ready yeah I'm ready all
right here we go Guillermo count them
down and we give a run to one here we go
all right my goodness I think Roberts
shorts came off he go
let's see you now Robert oh my god
all right don't know why it's gonna be
interesting to see how the judges score
that one let's go back to mark cuban
mark Robert you got points because the
pool actually moon but the splash wasn't
as big so I'm only going with an A mark
against Robert an 8 Kenna I'm giving him
a 10 because I like to swim from all
right
and then chippy I'm gonna give him a 9
cuz he didn't drown me
boy what a close competition this is how
you feeling right now Robert going like
a champion all right down right now hey
jumpy all right there we go
we have more belly-flopping become and
we will crown a champion a little bit
later up
Stasi our bellies cough cough Athena
really came out of nowhere I have to say
in congratulations her hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel thanks for watching it means a
lot to me and if you'd like to take our
relationship to the next level click the
subscribe button below I'll wait for you